$Id: README,v 1.2 2005/06/18 12:36:18 kreator Exp $

About
-----
This is complete pam_skey modul as interface to existing S/Key
library/interface by Wietse Venema. So far it has been tested on Linux
(Debian potato, Debian woody and Debian sid), Solaris 2.6, 2.7 and 2.8. I
have reason to believe it will work where PAM implementation exists and is
properly done. It provides `auth' services only. It can use tokens from
PAM_AUTHTOK to implement flexibile module stacking.
NOTE: You *absolutely* need libskey to make this module working. I
recommend original logdaemon suite by Wietse Venema - you can find it in
logdaemon-5.10 package.

This suite consists of following modules:
pam_skey.so           - Main module than by default contains routines for
                        checking skey.access for access rules
pam_skey_access.so    - Add-on module that is useful only when it is
                        required (requisite) module after pam_skey, which
                        means skey.access controls future loading of other
                        modules. Note that this emulates behavior of
                        original Venema's skeylogin.

Known problems
--------------
Note that there are several problems with existing (original) Wietse
Venema's implementation - no flock() on keys file, hairy host checking
code in skeyaccess(), etc. If there is any other library function and
parametric compatible with S/Key library, this will most probably work
with it, too. I am planning to re-implement S/Key library later, having
Venema's and Linux-skey package as main resources.

Known bugs
----------
None reported so far. That does not mean there are none: if you find any
bug, or something that is likely to be bug, try to exactly see what
happens using `debug' option in local pam configuration file and e-mail me
together with console and syslog information. Or at least e-mail me with
feedback that can help to trace problems.

Installation
------------
Please please please, for installation instructions look closely at
INSTALL file.

Literature and other sources
----------------------------
I find most helpful was Linux-PAM documentation. I had also a peek into
following sources:
  Wietse Venema's logdaemon package
  Olaf Kirch's Linux S/Key package
  Wyman Miles' pam_securid module
  Linux-PAM modules and templates

Contact
-------
My e-mail address is Dinko Korunic <kreator@srce.hr>. I usually respond
e-mails within a couple of hours, perhaps one day. If necessary, use PGP
key 0xEA160D0B, with fingerprint 48BF A3C2 6FB9 14EC B05C  A683 6D3B AED1
EA16 0D0B.
